Congratulations on making it to Section 17 of the complete Android and develop because if you follow
a through from the beginning then you've gone from zero skills in Android development and maybe no coding
skills before as well and you've learned how to work with Android studio how to code in Java and build
a huge range of different apps including Instagram Oubre colognes how people at games on Twitter and
WhatsApp Kline's as well.
So I hope you're proud of yourself and once again congratulations on making it this far.
The question is now where do you go from here.
Well firstly I would thoroughly recommend simply building your apps.
It's the best way.
Even if you don't get a lot of revenue from those early apps to start learning how to do what you need
to do when you're building apps and also how to do things like marketing your app.
Once it's out there on that note I'm now going to pass you on to professional app marketer Mark stock
who is going to show you how to market your apps both on Google Play and beyond.
So I hope you've enjoyed the journey that we've been on throughout this course and I hope you're going
to go on to build a huge range of Android apps and share them with the world.
And of course when you do let me know on Twitter and I'll happily for them on to my followers I wish
you the very best of luck with building and marketing your Android apps and I thank you for allowing
me to share this journey with you.